Below is the license from Codrops as on 2 November 2018 and OculusD.com, Inc.
will be using the version of `scribbler` based on our assumption of fair use as
indicated in the license below. OculusD.com, Inc. does not intend to resell or
redistribute the `scribbler` theme and we are using GitHub as an open and 
transparent platform to maintain our documentation while encouraging 
conversation and community engagement.

We encourage other users who would like to also use the `scribbler` template to
obtain their copy from https://tympanus.net/codrops/2018/01/12/freebie-scribbler-website-template-html-sketch/


------------------------- START LICENSE ----------------------------------------
Licensing & Terms of Use

The resources on Codrops can be used freely in personal and commercial projects. 
Please note, that most of the tutorials and resources are experimental and not 
ready for production, but made for inspiration and demonstration purpose only. 

The resources on Codrops can be used in websites, web apps and web templates 
intended for sale. You don’t have to link back to us if it vitiates your work 
but we appreciate any credit. 

You are not allowed to take our work “as-is” and sell it, redistribute or 
re-publish it, or sell “pluginized” versions of it. Don’t use our demos for the 
purpose of monetizing the core idea and resource. 


You can fork our GitHub repos if you’d like to contribute but please don’t 
republish demos. 

If you plan to create free WordPress, jQuery, Joomla, etc. plugins out of our 
scripts, please credit us in a fair way by linking to the respective article on 
Codrops and mentioning the author. 

Please, respect the licenses of the resources (audio, video or images) that we 
often use in our demos. We always indicate the license in the article and link 
to the owner/creator in both, article and demo. 

You are free to copy excerpts of our articles and publish references to our 
work, but don’t copy entire articles (e.g. RSS feed scraping), we put our heart 
into this work. Don’t re-publish our demos, article or our ZIP files, and don’t 
link directly to any ZIP file, link to the article instead. 

Regarding our freebies: you can use them in your 
personal or commercial projects with the exception of redistribution, 
republishing or sale of the item itself, parts of the item, or edited versions. 
If you’d like to improve templates, you can always contribute via GitHub. 

Please contact us, if you’d like to translate articles and re-publish them. 

Summarized, use it freely, integrate it, make it your own, but don’t copy and 
paste our work and sell it or claim that it’s yours, stay fair. 

Thank you for visiting Codrops, 
we hope you enjoy our work and find it useful!

------------------------- END LICENSE ------------------------------------------

Contact us link: http://tympanus.net/codrops/contact/